Tesla surges 10% on report its supercomputer could add $500B to market capA group of Morgan Stanley analysts upgraded Tesla's stock to "overweight" from "equal-weight," prompting the electric vehicle company's share price to rally over 10% Monday afternoon.Grimes Breaks Silence on Baby #3 with Elon MuskGrimes is addressing the news she welcomed a third child with Elon Musk.
 The stars are already the parents of X Æ A-12, 3, and Exa Dark Sideræl, 20 months. Now, the Tesla CEO’s biography reveals they also welcomed a third child, named Techno Mechanicus.
 A N…Elon Musk, iPhone 15’i daha çıkmadan tiye aldı!Elon Musk, Apple lansmanı öncesinde iPhone 15 modellerini eleştirmeyi ihmal etmedi. Cihazlardaki yüzde 10 kamera artışını beğenmedi.Morgan Stanley proyecta que supercomputadora de Tesla aumentará valor de la compañía en US$500 mil millonesLos analistas actualizaron su recomendación de la acción desde recomendación de mercado a sobreponderar y elevaron su precio objetivo a 12 meses a un máximo de US$ 400 por acción, desde US$ 250.Comparing the Amazon AWS Tipping Point With Tesla FSDA recent Morgan Stanley 66 page report on Tesla makes the case that Tesla AI, Dojo training computer and the FSD (full self driving system) can be as critical to Tesla share price as AWS (amazon web services cloud computing) was to Amazon. AWS has become 70% …Grimes Responds To Headlines About Her And Elon Musk’s Third Child, De-Escalates Feud With Shivon Zilis: ‘My Priority Is Keeping My Babies Out Of The Public Eye’Grimes is speaking out about the headlines surrounding her and Elon Musk quietly welcoming a third baby; son Techno Mechanicus. The Canadian singer took to X on Sunday tell fans: "Hey, I wud [sic] prefer to not breathe any more life into this current press cy…Esta batería puede cambiarlo todo en el coche eléctrico: carga 400 kilómetros de autonomía en 10 minutosHay muchas causas por las que los coches eléctricos no acaban de arrasar en ventas. Algunas tienen que ver con los precios (aunque los coches están por las nubes en líneas generales), mientras que otras tienen que ver con las particularidades y desventajas de…Salão de Munique expõe avanço de marcas chinesas na EuropaFabricantes europeias sabem que estão perdendo mercado e precisam se reinventarDoes Elon Musk Have Too Much Power? SpaceX Prevents Nuclear Escalation In Ukraine Conflict And Reconnects Maui Victims After Brutal Fire As Some Fear The Billionaire Has Too Much PowerSpaceX, led by visionary entrepreneur and Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk, has showcased its potential as a game-changer in both crisis response and geopolitics...Elon Musk Brands Creepy Bill Gates an 'A**hole to the Core' for Betting Against Tesla StockTesla CEO Elon Musk raged against creepy Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates for shorting Tesla stock, questioning Gates's commitment to environmental sustainability. The revelations come from a new book about Musk, in which he calls Gates an "asshole to the core…Ілон Маск не вважає себе зрадником, "бо Конгрес не оголошував війну Росії"Ілон Маск заявив, що він не зрадник, тому що США не оголошували війну Росії. Про це він написав у мережі Х (у минулому Twitter) ймовірно у відповідь на критику на його адресу через позицію бізнесмена щодо України.

"Я є громадянином Сполучених Штатів і маю ли…Tesla’s stock busts through 50-DMA resistance into bull-market territoryTesla bulls finally succeeded Monday to get the electric vehicle giant's stock past upside technical resistance and into fresh bull-market territory.Wall Street gains, dollar eases ahead of CPI report(marketscreener.com) Wall Street advanced and
the dollar retreated on Monday, as investors looked ahead to
Wednesday's inflation data, while the Bank of Japan suggested it
could be moving toward closing the door on an era of negative
interest rates.
 The tech…Google lanza Digital Futures Project con USD 20 millones en subvenciones para apoyar la "IA responsable"El lanzamiento se adelanta a una serie de foros sobre IA que organizará el líder de la mayoría del Senado estadounidense, Chuck Schumer.
 Google y su organización benéfica, Google.org, lanzaron el Digital Futures Project, una iniciativa para estudiar tecnolog…Tesla shares soar 10% after Morgan Stanley upgradeSHANGHAI, CHINA - SEPTEMBER 06: Aerial view of Tesla vehicles waiting to be loaded on board a roll-on-roll-off cargo vessel at Nangang port on September 6, 2023 in Shanghai, China. (Photo by VCG/VCG via Getty Images) Tesla shares soared 10% in the first half …EV Charging & Road Trips — It’s ComplicatedA recent electric car road trip by Energy Secretary Janet Granholm exposed some of the concerns Americans have with EV charging.Das Zink ist schuld: Wenn Stahl beim Schweißen bröseltGegen Rost hilft eine Schicht Zink, doch das macht den Stahl beim Schweißen spröde. Ein Berliner Forschungsteam hat nun herausgefunden, woran das liegt.Tesla dispara após "overweight" do Morgan Stanley com perspectiva sobre supercomputadorAs ações da Tesla disparavam quase 10% nesta segunda-feira, após relatório de analistas do ...Tesla soars 10% after Morgan Stanley says its Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion to its market capTesla stock soared 10% on Monday, adding more than $70 billion to its market valuation. • Tesla jumped after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock and said its Dojo supercomputer could drive 50% more upside. • "The more we looked at Dojo, the more we realized the…Wall Street rises on Tesla soars on AI optimism(marketscreener.com) Wall Street stocks rose on Monday,
with the Nasdaq jumping over 1% as Tesla surged on optimism
around artificial intelligence and investors awaited inflation
data due later this week.
 Tesla rallied almost 10% after Morgan Stanley
upgrade…Grimes & Elon Musk Confirm They Have a Third Child TogetherIt’s not every day that news of a new baby makes it out to the world before the parents are able to announce the bundle of joy on their own terms, but such is the life of Grimes and Elon Musk, whose baby news was revealed in a Saturday (Sept. 9) New York Time…Tesla shares soar 10% after Morgan Stanley upgradeMorgan Stanley upgrades Tesla price target to $400 per share on potential of custom silicon.[Removed][Removed]Acciones de Tesla suben gracias a supercomputadora ‘Dojo’Forbes México.
 Acciones de Tesla suben gracias a supercomputadora ‘Dojo’

La supercomputadora Dojo de Tesla podría disparar el valor de mercado de la automotriz en casi 600,000 mdd, aseguran analistas de Morgan Stanley. 
Acciones de Tesla suben gracias a sup…Elon Musk Biography Is a Glossy Whitewash, Reviewers SayWhile Walter Isaacson’s new biography of Elon Musk does include embarrassing anecdotes about the Tesla founder and X owner, it too often avoids tough topics like Musk’s estrangement from his trans daughter and claims of racial discrimination at his Tesla plan…Erthos Secures Additional $24 Million in Equity FinancingCapricorn’s Technology Impact Funds Spearhead the Round Capricorn’s Technology Impact Funds Spearhead the RoundAsí de fácil y sencillo es señalizar el cambio de carril en el nuevo #Tesla Model 3 sin palancas... una revolución!Así de facil y sencillo es señalizar el cambio de carril en el nuevo #Tesla Model 3 sin palancas... una revolución! Pero oye esto no se ha hecho para ahorrar costes es pensando en la comodidad del usuario no hay dudaetiquetas: tesla, model3, intermitentes» no…Bitcoin Dips Below $25K in a Tumultuous Crypto Market, While Traditional Equities Soar on Tesla’s RiseBitcoin’s (BTC) value dipped under the $25K mark on Monday, a level unseen in 88 days, pushing the global cryptocurrency market cap perilously close to falling below the $1 trillion benchmark. Presently, BTC is hovering just above the $25K mark at 2:00 p.m. E…Biographer Walter Isaacson Dissects Why Elon Musk Is So DifficultElon Musk’s biographer Walter Isaacson blames the Tesla and SpaceX CEO’s volatile personality for a lot of things, but still believes Musk will be remembered as a pioneer who brought society to a new era of exploration. “There’s no single Elon Musk. He has ma…Tesla shares jump after Morgan Stanley predicts Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion in market valueTesla’s Dojo supercomputer could fuel a $500 billion jump in the electric vehicle maker’s market value, analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note Monday. Shares of Tesla jumped more than 6% during early trading Monday morning, on the heels of the rosy predict…Elon Musk Biographer Is ‘Too Close to His Subject,’ Reviewers Say"It's the book Musk would have written himself," L.A. Times columnist Brian Merchant writes
The post Elon Musk Biographer Is ‘Too Close to His Subject,’ Reviewers Say appeared first on TheWrap.Tesla : véhicule à 25 000 dollars et robotaxi, comment Elon Musk a craquéLa nouvelle biographie d'Elon Musk donne un aperçu des processus décisionnels au sein de Tesla. Ou comment convaincre le boss de lancer de nouveaux projets.The Top 39 Events in Portland This Week: Sept 11–17, 2023Jungle, Modest Mouse and Pixies with Cat Power, and More Top Picks
 
 by EverOut Staff
 
 
 
 We're here to keep your schedule stacked with a fresh batch of top picks, from Modest Mouse and Pixies with Cat Power to Jungle and from Atsuko Okatsuka to Black Art…Panasonic eneloop rechargeable AA bundle hits $34, Sun Joe electric pressure washer $133, moreThis Panasonic eneloop rechargeable battery bundle is headlining today’s best Green Deals, clocking in with four AAs for $34. It’s joined by Sun Joe’s 1,450 PSI electric pressure washer and an ongoing launch discount on the just-announced Juiced Scorpion X2 a…Biographer Walter Isaacson Dissects Why Elon Musk Is So Difficult"A biographer has to show the light and the dark strands, and you've got to be critical of the dark strands, you've got to be admiring the light strands. But then the toughest thing is to show how they intertwine."Yellowstone footage shows how a Tesla perceives bisonBison in Yellowstone National Park are massive creatures that can weigh as much as 2,000 pounds, yet to a Tesla they are recognized as something else entirely."Ми наполегливо працювали, щоб отримати запрошення". Посол України в Індії про підсумки G20 та неучасть ЗеленськогоПосол України в Індії Олександр Поліщук висловив розчарування текстом Декларації, виданої за результатами саміту G20 в Нью-Делі та тим, що до участі в саміті не запросили Україну.

В інтерв’ю у посольстві України в Нью-Делі, він розповів журналістці Голосу Ам…Elon Musk quiere salvar a la humanidad pero tiene un problema: lidiar con la genteLa biografía del empresario multimillonario escrita por Walter Isaacson describe a un voluble “niño varón” con ambiciones grandiosas y un ego a la alturaGermany Will Force 80% of Gas Stations to Install EV Charging, TooThe country will need to increase its charging footprint by more than ten-fold if it hopes to reach its end-of-decade target.Bill Gates: "Elon Musk war super gemein zu mir"Der Microsoft-Gründer hat sich mit seiner Anlagestrategie den Zorn des Tesla-Chefs erregt.Some Tesla engineers secretly started designing a Cybertruck alternative because they 'hated' the original concept, according to the new Elon Musk biographyNone Some Tesla engineers "hated" the look of the Cybertruck, design chief Franz von Holzhausen told Walter Isaacson. • None Certain engineers secretly worked on a alternate version, Isaacson wrote in his new book on Elon Musk. • None The edgy Cybertruck is k…Tesla Now Wants $1,000 For Its Dumb Yoke Steering WheelTesla’s yoke steering wheel is back and, a $1,000 for the option on a Model S or Model X, it’s more expensive than ever. Read more...James Douma Explains the Challenge and Benefits of Tesla’s End to End Neural Network Self DrivingBusinesses want a 100% complete AI systems that can be trained directly with just data. This is what OpenAI was able to do with ChatGPT and large language models. This is what Tesla has been able to achieve with version 12 of FSD (Full self driving). The Tesl…Amber Heard and Elon Musk Recall Relationship in New BiographyElon Musk and Amber Heard both speak with author Walter Isaacson about their past relationship in the biography 'Elon Musk,' out Tuesday. 'I love him very much,' the actress said in the new bookStocks Grind Higher As Dollar Weakens, Tesla Rockets On Analyst Boost: What's Driving Markets Monday?Wall Street started the week on a positive note, with all the major stock averages posting modest yet encouraging gains on Monday. Highlighting the day, Tesla Inc. TSLA soared by as much as 10%, marking its most robust daily increase since the end of January …Elon Musk has ‘demon-like’ outbursts and ‘multiple personalities’: biographerWalter Isaacson also claimed that Musk has “multiple personalities” and has been “volatile his whole life” - and not just in recent years - in an interview on MSNBC’s Morning Joe on Monday.Tesla soars 10% after Morgan Stanley says its Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion to its market capElon Musk, Chief Executive Officer of SpaceX and Tesla and owner of Twitter, at the Viva Technology conference in Paris, France, June 16, 2023. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo Tesla stock soared 10% on Monday, adding more than $70 billion to its market val…Tesla będzie szukać pracowników w Szczecinie. Elon Musk chce ściągnąć Polaków do NiemiecTesli najwyraźniej brakuje pracowników w Niemczech, bo postara się o nich w Polsce. Kierowana przez Elona Muska firma motoryzacyjna pojawi się na targach pracy w Szczecinie, gdzie będzie zachęcać do pracy w swojej fabryce pod Berlinem.Fabricaría Tesla Model 2 primero en Texas antes que MéxicoEl Tesla Model 2 será fabricado en la Gigafactory de Austin, antes que en México, según un extracto de la biografía de Elon Musk.Tesla shares jump after Morgan Stanley predicts Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion in market value - CNNTesla shares jump after Morgan Stanley predicts Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion in market valueCNN View Full Coverage on Google News ...La vera arma segreta di Tesla è Dojo, il suo supercomputer: “il valore dell’azienda andrà alle stelle”Dojo, l’atteso supercomputer di Tesla, potrebbe far esplodere il valore in borsa dell’azienda. In senso buono. Secondo gli analisti di Morgan Stanaley potrebbe incrementare la capitalizzazione di mercato di Tesla fino ad un massimo di 500 miliardi di dollari.…Dankzij supercomputer Dojo zou Tesla nog een groeipotentieel hebben van 600 miljard dollarDit is de analyse van Adam Jonas en zijn team bij Morgan Stanley, die verwachten dat de aandelenkoers opnieuw de 400 dollar zal bereiken. Naast de goede resultaten van Tesla in het tweede kwartaal kondigde Elon Musk een nieuwe belangrijke investering aan voor…Superchargers: Tesla atinge o impressionante número de 50.000 carregadores rápidosA Tesla fez o trabalho de casa como deve ser. Cria uma marca de carros elétricos e espalha pelo mundo os carregadores para os alimentar. A fórmula é esta, e a empresa hoje chegou...Tesla Call Traders Got in Ahead of Morgan Stanley Bull NoteTesla was the most popular equity amongst options traders over the last two weeks Shares of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) are 9.3% higher at $271.51 at last check, after Morgan Stanley upgraded the electric vehicle (EV) giant to "overweight," hiked its target price…Charlie Munger Handed Over His Family Fortune To The 'Chinese Warren Buffett' Who Flipped It into Half A Billion Dollars — 'We Made Unholy Good Returns For A Long, Long Time'In the early 2000s, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Vice Chairman Charlie Munger made a daring yet calculated financial move. He entrusted a significant portion of...Bombshell Elon Musk Biography Comes Out TomorrowA highly anticipated biography of Elon Musk offers a rare glimpse into the mind of the world’s richest man, including juicy details on his complex family dynamics and how he runs his multiple businesses, several critics have written—but some critics say the W…The New York Post: Blinken refuses to take bait during CNN interview on whether Musk purposefully undermined UkraineAmerica’s top diplomat puts diplomacy on show when asked whether SpaceX and Tesla chief betrayed Kyiv, and aided the Kremlin, in denying Starlink access at crucial momentStarlink важливий для успіху в контрнаступі ЗСУ, каже держсекретар СШАДержавний департамент США сподівається, що технологія Starlink “залишиться повністю доступною” для українських військових, поки вони захищають свою територію. Про це заявив державний секретар США Ентоні Блінкен в інтерв’ю CNN 10 вересня.

На питання журналіст…News24 | Childhood demons drive Elon Musk, contends hotly anticipated biographyA hotly anticipated biography of Elon Musk describes the turbulent tycoon as a man driven by childhood demons, obsessed with bringing human life to Mars and who demands that staff be "hardcore."Маск отверг обвинения в госизмене за отказ включить Starlink для удара по ВС РФИлон Маск ответил на обвинения в госизмене из-за ограничения доступа ВСУ к спутниковой связи Starlink. Как заявил предприниматель, он - гражданин США и, что бы ни случилось, будет бороться за свою страну. На прошлой неделе CNN опубликовал фрагмент книги Уолте…Global shares advance as investors eye US inflation update and ECB meetingUS inflation figures to be published this week could set the direction for global interest ratesDow Jones Today: Nasdaq Rises to Start Week Ahead of Key Inflation DataCharter Communications Inc. (CHTR): Shares of the broadband provider gained 2.5% after it reached a deal with Disney (DIS), ending a fee dispute and restoring access to Disney-owned channels, including ESPN, to Charter’s cable customers. Disney shares jumped …Review: Walter Isaacson's 'Elon Musk' botched from the startThe opening pages of the new doorstop biography from Walter Isaacson, the bestselling chronicler of the great innovative men of modern history, are jarring, especially to anyone expecting to be greeted with plucky tales of unlikely genius. On the first page, …快訊／特斯拉股價大漲！台股平盤整理　指數小漲開在16433點記者王翊綺／台北報導 台股今（12）日加權指數開盤漲0.87點，開在16433.82點，開盤1分鐘後指數漲33點，指數來到16466點。台積電（2330）開在536元Potential UAW strike could cut production, push up car prices: analystsThe auto industry is on edge as the current four-year contracts between the UAW and General Motors, Ford Motor and Stellantis for hourly US workers expire on midnight Sept. 14.Nova biografia revela que Elon Musk e Grimes tiveram mais um filho; veja detalhesElon Musk e a cantora Grimes tiveram um terceiro filho, cujo nascimento não havia sido revelado até então. A informação que aparece em uma nova biografia do bilionário, com lançamento previsto para esta terça-feira (12) nos Estados Unidos. O nome da criança s…Jaspreet Singh: Our Economy Doesn’t Run in a Vacuum, Here’s How Interest Rate Hikes Impact the Overall EconomyWill they or won't they? Speculation continues on whether or not the Fed will raise interest rates again at the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting ...'Magnificent Seven' investing playbook: Is Apple a growth company anymore?Now that summer’s coming to an end, that means it’s time to pull out your scarves, grab a pumpkin spice latte, and reassess your tech stocks. This series helps you decide what to do with your shares of the biggest names in tech — Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Micr…Bill Gates Says Elon Musk's Reasoning on Mars and Electric Cars Is FlawedGoing Overboard Microsoft co-founer and philanthropist Bill Gates has a complicated relationship with Tesla CEO Elon Musk. In an upcoming biography simply titled "Elon Musk," writer Walter Isaacson details how Gates became disillusioned with Musk's ongoing ef…Остін обговорив з Умєровим порядок денний нового "Рамштайну"Міністр оборони США Ллойд Остін 11 вересня провів телефонну розмову з новим міністром оборони України Рустемом Умєровим, щоб привітати його з призначенням і підтвердити непохитну підтримку США з боку України, повідомили в Пентагоні.

У розмові Остін поінформу…Tesla soars 10% after Morgan Stanley says its Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion to its market capContinue reading Tesla soars 10% after Morgan Stanley says its Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion to its market cap
Tesla soars 10% after Morgan Stanley says its Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion to its market cap originally appeared on Autoblo…Google launches Digital Futures Project with $20M in grants to support ‘responsible AI’Google and Google.org launched a $20 million Digital Futures Project fund focused on responsible artificial intelligence.Hubble обнаружил редкую популяцию звёзд в скоплении Terzan 12, которые обладают особыми свойствами и внешним видомКак указывают учёные, это особое скопление является хорошим примером того, насколько важную роль в астрономических исследованиях играет звёздная пыль. Чтобы увидеть скопление, нужно смотреть сквозь облака пыли и газа, находящиеся внутри Млечного Пути. Они мог…Some Tesla engineers secretly started designing a Cybertruck alternative because they 'hated' itContinue reading Some Tesla engineers secretly started designing a Cybertruck alternative because they 'hated' it
Some Tesla engineers secretly started designing a Cybertruck alternative because they 'hated' it originally appeared on Autoblog on Mon, 11 Sep 2…Bombshell Elon Musk Biography Comes Out Tomorrow—Here’s What Critics ThinkThe biography of the controversial tech titan, written by Walter Isaacson, comes out Tuesday.Some Tesla engineers secretly started designing a Cybertruck alternative because they 'hated' the original concept, according to the new Elon Musk biography"They were like, 'You can't be serious.' They didn't want to have anything to do with it," Franz von Holzhausen said, according to Walter Isaacson.Tesla shares jump after Morgan Stanley predicts Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion in market valueTesla’s Dojo supercomputer could fuel a $500 billion jump in the electric vehicle maker’s market value, analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note Monday. Shares of Tesla jumped more than 6% during early trading Monday morning, on the heels of the rosy predict…Tesla stock soars 10% after Morgan Stanley says Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion to its market cap"The more we looked at Dojo, the more we realized the potential for underappreciated value in the stock," Morgan Stanley said.Tesla Doubles China Market Share While Its Chinese EV Rivals Expand To EuropeIn August, China's passenger vehicle sales returned to year-on-year growth as they rose 2.2% YoY to 1.94 million units, as reported by the China Passenger...Fabrication de batteries : deux entreprises chinoises projettent d’installer leurs usines aux États-Unis !La prochaine révolution, qui va intervenir dans le secteur électrique, sera forcément électrique. Il faut même dire que celle-ci a déjà commencé, portée notamment par Tesla qui en récolte déjà les fruits. D’autres constructeurs comme Toyota ou Ford mettent ég…An Electrifying New Upgrade for Tesla Leads the Market HigherMorgan Stanley NYSE: MS is going all-in on Tesla NASDAQ: TSLA. The firm raised its rating on the stock to Overweight from Equal Weight and set a new price target. The new target is $400 and the new high-price target among analysts. It is a 60% increase from M…'Magnificent Seven' investing playbook: Is Apple a growth company anymore?Apple's market reach is quite impressive. But can it sustain its growth?Groot probleem met solid-state accu opgelost: 'Makkelijker te produceren'Wetenschappers uit Duitsland en China zeggen een belangrijk probleem met solid-state accu's te hebben opgelost. Ze hebben een nieuwe solid-state lithium-metaalbatterij ontwikkeld die zowel stabiel als duurzaam is en makkelijker te produceren zou zijn.L'Europe termine en hausse, la Chine rassure avant la BCEpar Diana Mandia
(Reuters) - Les Bourses européennes ont terminé en hausse lundi, portées par des signaux positifs en provenance de Chine dans l'attente des décisions de la Banque centrale européenne (BCE) en matière de taux d'intérêt et de la publication des…El biógrafo de Elon Musk: "Es casi como Doctor Jekyll y Mister Hyde"Quien más o quien menos tiene una opinión sobre Elon Musk. El multifacético empresario es de todo menos menos alguien que pasa desapercibido. Una nueva biografía llega a las librer84-летняя Нэнси Пелоси собралась вернуться в большую политикуБывшая спикер палаты представителей США Нэнси Пелоси решила вернуться в большую политику и вновь избираться в конгресс. Завершение карьеры 83-летней калифорнийки, которая проработала законодателем несколько десятков лет, либеральная пресса в прошлом году преп…The IRS has a new tool for catching tax cheats: AIThe taxman has a new trick up its sleeve, and it’ll have tax dodgers and their accountants worried. Utilizing a wave of funding provided by the Inflation Reduction Act, the Internal Revenue Service announced that they will be utilizing artificial intelligence…Bill Gates committed a cardinal sin in Elon Musk's eyesThe similarities between Bill Gates and Elon Musk, two innovative tech titans-turned-investors worth hundreds of billions, are clear. The differences are a little more nuanced. Gates, a billionaire who has chosen not to play with rocket ships, thinks Musk's f…Congress, tech leaders set to discuss AI risks, possible regulationsReturning from summer break this week, Congress will be seeking answers to pressing questions about the rapid development of artificial intelligence.Les Bourses européennes clôturent en hausse, le Bel 20 en formeLa Bourse de Bruxelles est dans le haut du tableau.Elon Musk’s brother Kimbal once bit off a hunk of flesh from mogul’s hand during fight at startup: bookAccording to author Walter Isaacson, Kimbal Musk bit Elon Musk's hand because he thought his brother was about to punch him in the face.You Don't Need UUIDI've experienced first-hand how using UUID hurts the usability of computer systems, and I want you to understand why you certainly don't need it.Markets Gain at Midday Amid Expectations Fed Might Not Hike Rates at Next MeetingU.S. equities rose at midday on Monday, Sept. 11, 2023, amid expectations Fed policymakers might not raise interest rates at their meeting next week.Your Digital Self: SpaceX vs. Boeing: 2 titans of aerospace are locked in an astronomical dogfightBoeing, with its traditional manufacturing and operational approach, is struggling to compete with Elon Musk's nimble SpaceX.Elon Musk Is Now The Father To 11 Children After A 3rd Baby With Ex-Girlfriend Grimes Was AnnouncedElon Musk, the famous entrepreneur and CEO of companies SpaceX and Tesla Inc., is father to 11 children. In June 2022, he posted on X, “Doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis. Population collapse due to low birth rates is a much bigger risk to civil…Tesla Stock Upgrade Sees FSD Supercomputer Adding A Half-Trillion Dollars In Valuestock received an upgrade and a 60% price target hike Sunday, on the calculation that its Full-Self Driving (FSD) supercomputer can boost the EV giant's value by a half-trillion dollars. TSLA jumped Monday. Morgan Stanley's Adam Jonas on Sunday upgraded TSLA …Ecom Logistics Canada Continues Expansion of Electric Delivery FleetCompany Takes Delivery of Two More Electric Vans Company Takes Delivery of Two More Electric VansFrom SLI to NVLink: The Evolution of Gaming and Multi-GPU Technologies and Their Influence on AIThe landscape of graphics processing units (GPUs) has experienced seismic shifts over the past two decades, much more recently with the surge of AI. A significant part of this evolution has been the development of technologies that allow multiple GPUs to work…'De-escalate the Narrative': Elon Musk's Ex Grimes Ends Feud With Billionaire's Baby Mama Shivon Zilis After Begging to See Three-year-old Son XGrimes also announced that she and Elon Musk now share a third child, Techno Mechanicus, who was born in June 2022.Tesla shares jump after Morgan Stanley predicts Dojo supercomputer could add $500 billion in market valueTesla’s Dojo supercomputer could fuel a $500 billion jump in the electric vehicle maker’s market value, analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note Monday. Shares of Tesla jumped more than 6% during early trading Monday morning, on the heels of the rosy predict…